Every year the Welsh ladies honor one of our members. This year we're honoring
Jenny Cortman for her many years of devotion to the Seattle Welsh Women's
Club. Would Jenny please come up and Martha will you come to present her with us?
For all the work that you have done for the Seattle Welsh Women's Club in all these years,
we'd like to present you with this award.
Thank you ever so much. You're very welcome. I appreciate that. Jenny has been a very
devoted person to us. She has served as chaplain for many years in our group. She
celebrated your 90th birthday didn't you in June last year? Yes, that's right.
Hope you have many more. Thank you. I'll try to put a pin on you here. What is your birthday in June?
Twentieth. Twentieth. I think that's on site now. Okay, fine, thank you.